All right we learned how to stop a running instance on A W-S.
So let's see how we can restart that.
Easy to instance call a start on that easy to instance to do that.
I'm just going to go to my PC to class and a method for starting and easy to instance as instance.
And let's just take out the method for starting easy to instance.
So I'll just start and there is just only one method for starting easy two instances and it has a similar
structure similar parameter structure as the stop instances method.
It has some additional info.
While you're like while you're starting it why to start such a machine or the dry run as we always get.
And the instance ID to start the instance.
So for my purpose all the things I need is to provide instance ID.
So let's just go and do that instance.
D and just pass it in from the method signature.
And let's just copy this line and change the command there so so I want to do is I want it to say starting
a C to instance.
All right so now let's go back to our main implementation and in there.
Let's just have a simple method starved instance and that instance call is going to do a similar job
with my stop instance call and I'm just going to do it like start easy to dot start instance and for
the instance Id I'm going to provide the same private C to instance ID so I can just restart it.
So what I'm going to do now is also comment this line out and just call my star instance method.
So before we actually run this let's go back to a WS consol and see what's the status of this instance
right now.
And as you can see if we hit refresh it is already stopped on a WS.
So now let's go back and run this method and see what's going to happen.
All right we have a little problem here.
And yes the start instance call is actually expecting a list but we provided a tuple to it.
So let's go and fix that.
And what I have to do now is just wrap this method wrap is instance ID with the list signature so I
can just hit pre-run and you see two instances now being started.
So let's just hit refresh and verify this.
And here we go.
The ISS is now in the pending state.
So within a minute or so but.
And it's already running.
It started the easy to instance so stopping and starting E.C two instances are just simple as that.